Python important points to remember for interview:

Q: What is Regression?
A: Regression is a technique used to model and analyze the relationships between variables and often times how they contribute and
    are related to producing a particular outcome together.

Q: What are the type of Regression?
A: Following are the type of regression in ML,
  1. Linear Regression
  2. Logistic Regression
  3. Ridge Regression
  4. Lasso Regression
  5. Pollynomial Regression
  6. Bayesian Rgression
  
Q: What is Linear Regression?
A: A linear regression refers to a regression model that is completely made up of linear variables.
    We have seen equation like below in maths classes. y is the output we want. x is the input variable. c = constant and a is the slope of the line.
    y = c + ax
    c = constant
    a = slope
    Note : Each and every value will be arround a single straigh slop.
    
 Q: type of Linear Regression?
 A: 
     1. Simple :In Simple Linear Regression, we try to find the relationship between a single
     independent variable (input) and a corresponding dependent variable (output). 
        This can be expressed in the form of a straight line.
        The same equation of a line can be re-written as:
        Y =  β0 + β1X + e
        Y represents the output or dependent variable.
        β0 and β1 are two unknown constants that represent the intercept and coefficient (slope)
        respectively.
        ε (Epsilon) is the error term.
        The following is a sample graph of a Simple Linear Regression Model :
        Note : a single line and output arround it.
        
    2. Multiple Linear Regression, we try to find the relationship between 2 or more independent 
    variables (inputs) and the corresponding dependent variable (output). The independent 
    variables can be continuous or categorical.
    The equation that describes how the predicted values of y is related to p independent 
    variables is called as Multiple Linear Regression equation :
    Y =  β0 + β1x1 + β2x2+ ... + βpxp + e
    β = Coefficient
    x = predictor, 'x-variable', independent variable, explanatory variable
    Y = response, dependent variable, observation, 'y-variable'
    e = random error, "noise"
